Update changelog with teams page and country sort (#543)
developmentseed/scoreboard: CHANGELOG.md

- Added new sections to readme about osm-teams and administration settings.
- Added an osmesaStats data structure to the response in route /teams:id.

> - Added new Team stats page to compile team editing + campaign stats

Author: ```suggestion
- Added new Team stats page to compile team editing + list of assigned campaigns
```
